For Version 2.0:



- Display in different tables, usable mons. The first mons are the best mons with fantastic moves, all from one category, with no issues.
The next tables are in descending order of power.



- Incorporate physical/special knowledge.


okay I'm deciding on the physical special split by using base stats. Also sorting the mons based on base stats.

one filter should also make sure that a type is stab supereffective for a mon (but also remember that freeze dry is electric type and needs to be counted as stab)


Also don't heavily deprioritize solar beam and stuff, cuz z moves are a thing. Maybe mention it in your application that the recommended strategy is to z move



[fling, pursuit, rock tomb, bulldoze, dig], priority moves

Mark these better as, "Non sweepable moves". That's more accurate for something like bulldoze, because even if you can beat one mon with double bulldoze, you can't beat a second.

Alongside this 'non sweepable moves' thing, print a list before every table, so that I know which moves are included in this table.


Try to have something which still allows for z moves like solarbeam 





Now that I think about it, some moves should have a category that says 'ignored by'.
so dynamic punch missing is ignored by no guard. Low base power is ignored by technician. (and sometimes by strong jaw, sheer force, etc)


hmmm okay the tables should be printed again and again through a function. a function which inputs the current dataframe and the selection criteria.
I think current dataframe should update itself over and over since mons are getting subtracted from it each time.



OKAY, IF A MON ALREAY GETS GRASS KNOT, I STILL WANT SOLARBEAM TO BE VISIBLE. 
THIS MEANS I MASK THE COPY OF THE DATABASE, AND THEN DON'T ACCESS THIS MASK WHEN PRINTING, I ACTUALLY ACCESS THE ROW OF THE ORIGINAL DATABASE WHILE PRINTING. 
Yes this means that fling pursuit are gonna get printed everytime too, but I'll take it over printing the mons again and again each table.


I similarly want the full typing of the mon to be visible even if its typing isn't offensively super effective (cuz I often need a fire type to resist fairies, etc.

okay this is the order of the tables:


stab/nonstab

moves which require a condition before they're spammable (acrobatics, belch)


moves which appreciate loaded dice/ skill link

hit back moves (avalanche, revenge, I think payback, look at others)





Version 3.0



IN EVERY TABLE, SORT BY 3 THINGS (because I can't be bothered to do permutation combination and do so many different tables.)


Sort by stab. This means that mons with both types super effective on the 4 elite should be at the top of the tables, mons with one type supereffective should be in the middle, and mons with none should be at the bottom.


Keep in mind that freeze dry is electric type. (tbh maybe this isn't so consequential after all)


Once you've sorted by stab, sort by the 





GROUP THE MOVES BY TYPES SO THAT ALL DARK MOVES ARE TOGETHER, FAIRY MOVES ARE TOGETHER, ETC.

For version 4.0:



Remember to code something later that finds out how many types of moves a mon has (not coverage they apply on, but simply how many types of moves it has. The mons with less types of moves are harder to use in the gauntlet eventually, they'll be rarely picked by the code. So in the chance that they are picked by the code, highly prioritize using  them (like articuno). So try to sort them super high)


You can call this, "Niche pokemon for whom these 4 types are the perfect niche"

Same as this:
find a way to sort mons such that mons with broaaaaad matching coverage have lower priority, and mons with specific coverage towards the particular e4 are higher priority. 
Cuz like florges has only bug, psychic, grass, and fairy moves, so the moment you get an elite aligned towards these types, we badly want to use florges cuz it won't get much opportunity otherwise




I want to give some higher weightage to huge power, iron fist, strong jaw, and sheer force.





For version 4.0


Package this into something nice, with GUI possibly. Deploy the application.


For version 5.0

Incorporate priority and pivot








maybe make a list of slow mons with priority moves later? or just mons with priority moves. So that extreme speed etc can be included

map the moves to the mons, so that maybe later we can just randomly filter the mons with priority moves who generally have coverage against the elite 4

oh wait, maybe we can make a column for mons called, "Priority", and inside that we can put in a list of the priority moves they have, others will be null

so then in our regular filter we can just see good e4 mons, and also particularly see the good e4 mons which have priority





	













create a filter later so that moves that rely on the significantly weaker stat can be removed if desired

so then that means we create a column for a pokemon, which states its dominant offense, and if no dominant offense then it's empty

my latest idea on this is to add the physical and special attack of every mon, and sort based on this.

remember to somehow let counter and mirror coat and metal burst maybe remain unfiltered as strong moves

maybe we should remember when even special attackers have moves like uturn, or physical attackers have moves like volt switch Both of these should count as supereffective good moves because the BP exceeds 60. (okay maybe I won't allow uturn volt switch to get filtered out in a bunch of filters)

I should actually create a whole ass column called pivot which shows when a mon has a pivot move or not, and what this/these priority move is/are This requires me to type in uturn for a bunch of bugs too. (and volt switch/flip turn). Also need to code in parting shot, a non offensive move.

and priority moves also should be available to both, cuz the point is usually just to break sash you know what, maybe I should make a column called priority and add in all the normal priority moves like quick attack too. I probably won't add grassy glide, but I'll force add Comfey's draining moves as priority particulary for it.

do all these complicated actions with df.query



vectorized method usually means you create another column, like df['result']=df[first] + df[second]




copy paste technician mons before and after all the move deletions so that they don't lose their moves
